README.md, before:


# UnderBasic

UnderBasic is a programming language for the TI-82/83/84 calculator series. It's in fact an alternative to the built-in TI-Basic.  
You can create your own programs in UnderBasic and "compile" it for your calculator with this tool. Technically, it converts the UnderBasic code into TI-Basic.

## Online demo
You can test the language here: http://underbasic.890m.com
On the left, write UnderBasic code, and you'll see the converted TI-Basic code appear on the right.

## Learn to code !

You can follow a tiny tutorial on this language here : http://underbasic.890m.com/doc

## Features
UnderBasic allows you to:
* Define functions
* Use custom-named variables
* Code with a simpler syntax
* Have access to a functions library

## Examples
### Functions:
<table>
  <tr><td><b>UnderBasic</b></td><td><b>TI-Basic (converted)</b></td></tr>
  <tr><td><pre>import alias
#alias name : Str1

function sayHello(person) {
  print "Hello " + person
}

input "Name ?", name
sayHello name</pre>
</td><td><pre>input "Name ?",Str1
Disp "Hello " + Str1</pre></td></tr>
</table>
### Fibonacci:
<table>
  <tr><td><b>UnderBasic</b></td><td><b>TI-Basic (converted)</b></td></tr>
  <tr><td><pre>import alias

#alias i : A
#alias suite : LSUITE

suite = {0, 1}
for(i, 3, 18) {
    suite[i] = suite[i - 2] + suite[i - 1]
    print suite[i]
}</pre>
</td><td><pre>{0, 1}→LSuite
For(A,3,18)
⌊SUITE(A-2)+⌊SUITE(A-1)→⌊SUITE(A)
Disp ⌊SUITE(A)
End</pre></td></tr>
</table>

#### More coming soon!

## Resources
* https://tiplanet.org/forum/viewtopic.php?f=12&t=17245 - TI-Planet topic about the project *(in French)*

Commit message:

Updated README to the new UnderBasic version

README.md, after:


# UnderBasic

<b>Please note that this is an old version</b> of the UnderBasic language. You can find the newest version [here](https://github.com/ClementNerma/UnderBasic-2).

UnderBasic is a programming language for the TI-82/83/84 calculator series. It's in fact an alternative to the built-in TI-Basic.  
You can create your own programs in UnderBasic and "compile" it for your calculator with this tool. Technically, it converts the UnderBasic code into TI-Basic.


## Online demo
You can test the language here: http://underbasic.890m.com
On the left, write UnderBasic code, and you'll see the converted TI-Basic code appear on the right.

## Learn to code !

You can follow a tiny tutorial on this language here : http://underbasic.890m.com/doc

## Features
UnderBasic allows you to:
* Define functions
* Use custom-named variables
* Code with a simpler syntax
* Have access to a functions library

## Examples
### Functions:
<table>
  <tr><td><b>UnderBasic</b></td><td><b>TI-Basic (converted)</b></td></tr>
  <tr><td><pre>import alias
#alias name : Str1

function sayHello(person) {
  print "Hello " + person
}

input "Name ?", name
sayHello name</pre>
</td><td><pre>input "Name ?",Str1
Disp "Hello " + Str1</pre></td></tr>
</table>
### Fibonacci:
<table>
  <tr><td><b>UnderBasic</b></td><td><b>TI-Basic (converted)</b></td></tr>
  <tr><td><pre>import alias

#alias i : A
#alias suite : LSUITE

suite = {0, 1}
for(i, 3, 18) {
    suite[i] = suite[i - 2] + suite[i - 1]
    print suite[i]
}</pre>
</td><td><pre>{0, 1}→LSuite
For(A,3,18)
⌊SUITE(A-2)+⌊SUITE(A-1)→⌊SUITE(A)
Disp ⌊SUITE(A)
End</pre></td></tr>
</table>

#### More coming soon!

## Resources
* https://tiplanet.org/forum/viewtopic.php?f=12&t=17245 - TI-Planet topic about the project *(in French)*
